NSCC-STFX COLLABORATIVE PROGRAM IN BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE AND ANALYTICS
Earn both a BBA with Advanced Major and a Graduate Certificate in Business Intelligence and Analytics in just four years

Open Primary tabs configuration optionsPRIMARY TABS
View(active tab)
Edit
Delete
Manage display
Layout
Revisions
Open configuration options
Start Date: September 2023
Duration: 4 year, 120 credits
Time Commitment: Full-time, September through April
Location: On campus, St. Francis Xavier University, Antigonish, NS; Nova Scotia Community College (Various locations)

 

APPLY NOW
 

About the program
Data analysts use a mix of best practices, specialized technology, and creative problem solving to derive actionable insights from diverse data sources. These insights help businesses become more agile, strategic, and competitive.

Bringing together the strengths of two leading business institutions, this multiple credential program is designed for students who want to accelerate their education in the innovative and rapidly growing field of Business Intelligence and Analytics. As a student in the NSCC-StFX Collaborative Program in Business Intelligence and Analytics, you will receive the same exemplary training as your Business peers, with additional immersion in the latest data reporting technologies and best practices.

Many Business students looking for further specialization in a specific area enroll in a certificate program after they complete their degree. This program provides the opportunity to work towards both at the same time. In just four years of full-time study, you will graduate with two highly valuable credentials to put on your resume, and the skills and confidence to begin an exciting technology career.  

 

How does it work?
Year 1 & 2: The first two years of the program will introduce you to the foundations of business and the key tools, techniques, and skills used to manage today’s global and technology-intensive organizations. You can complete your first year at either St. Francis Xavier University or NSCC at a variety of campuses in the Business Administration program. Your second year is spent at StFX.

Year 3: You will attend NSCC – Pictou Campus and your coursework will focus on data reporting, data science, and business intelligence, and you will learn how to use industry-standard reporting tools to solve problems. You will also complete a five-week work placement and apply what you’ve learned in a real business environment. At the end of Year 3, you will have earned a Graduate Certificate in Business Intelligence and Analytics from NSCC.

Year 4: You will study advanced issues related to the use, deployment, and management of technology. You will learn how to manage technology projects, implement large scale technology solutions in organizations (such as SAP S/4HANA), lead organizational change, and understand the impact of new and emerging technologies on existing business models. At the end of Year 4, you will have earned a BBA in Business Intelligence and Analytics from StFX. 

 

The learning experience
This collaborative program provides a seamless, experiential education across two different institutions. You can expect plenty of opportunities to team up with your peers on group assignments and case studies. In dynamic, hands-on learning environments, you will learn how to think critically, communicate effectively, and use the latest technologies to help enhance the performance and competitiveness of businesses.

 

What will you be able to do with this degree and certificate?
Graduates of the program are equipped with the knowledge and skills to start careers as business intelligence analysts and enterprise systems consultants. Business intelligence analysts help companies make better use of their data in order to improve overall levels of performance. Graduates may also become an enterprise systems consultant, where they join large technology projects related to digital transformation, big data, business intelligence and analytics, data warehousing, or enterprise resource planning systems. Business intelligence analysts and enterprise systems consultants are in high demand in organizations of all sizes in both the public and private sector.

 

Learn more
For additional information about the program, please contact futurestudent@stfx.ca.