Why Study Marketing?
Marketing is about understanding consumers and what they value and creating and communicating solutions to their problems. Marketing is both an art and a science. Marketing is a diverse field where professionals may be involved in the development of new products, services or ideas, analyzing and interpreting Big Data, determining ways to leverage and enhance demand, developing creative content that effectively communicates value, and relationship management. Marketing professionals utilize a variety of technologies including analytical software, social media, and mobile technologies. Marketing professionals are employed in diverse organizations in for-profit, non-profit, and public sectors.

The Marketing Program
The Marketing program offers students a comprehensive foundation in marketing theory and practice through courses in consumer behaviour, marketing management, professional sales and business ethics and allows students to explore new marketing opportunities in social media marketing, digital marketing, and mobile commerce. Specialized courses that permit students to explore analytics in more depth are also available. Our program includes many experiential learning opportunities through the use of cases, hands-on exercises, simulations, company visits, and real-world projects.

Career Opportunities
The career opportunities available to Marketing graduates is diverse and includes opportunities in industry, government, the non-profit sector and academia. Some opportunities include:

Social Media Marketing and Analytics
Sports Marketing
Digital Marketing and Analytics
Brand Management
Fundraising
Advertising Professional Sales
Post Graduate Education and Training Opportunities
Chartered Marketer (CM) designation
MBA in Marketing
MSc in Digital and Social Media Marketing
Law (LLB)
Professional Marketing Certification
Open configuration options
Open configuration options
Marketing and Enterprise Systems Faculty
Our faculty are actively engaged in teaching and research. They bring a combination of practical work experience, academic preparation and research programs that help inform their teaching. Faculty research in a broad range of areas including health informatics, healthcare trust and marketing, business intelligence, neural networks, big data, social media marketing, enterprise resource planning systems, consumer value, and customer loyalty programs. Students have the opportunity to engage in research through honours theses and summer research assistantships.