OUR BBA DEGREE OPTIONS
 

Our business programs combine the acquisition of conceptual knowledge with applied and experiential learning approaches that include work terms, projects, presentations, simulations, field trips, class discussions, case analyses, lectures, readings, films, guest speakers, service learning, and much more.

The Gerald Schwartz School of Business offers BBA majors, advanced majors and honours streams in Accounting, Finance, Management, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Marketing and Enterprise Systems. A minor in Sport Management is also available to BBA students. Unique opportunities to combine a BBA with another credential are also available.

Explore our BBA degree structure

Department of Accounting and Finance

Accounting
Provides the data on which business decisions regarding profitability, sustainability and wealth are made.
MORE ABOUT ACCOUNTING

Finance
Provides students with the tools to evaluate how to make investment decisions and finance the same.
MORE ABOUT FINANCE
Department of Management

Management & Leadership
Explores the strategic and human dimensions of business, like creating a work environment where people can thrive and accomplish goals responsibly.
MORE ABOUT MANAGEMENT & LEADERSHIP

Entrepreneurship
Provides the competencies needed to start, develop and/or manage a small business venture, and learn the skills that are in demand by growth industries.
MORE ABOUT ENTREPRENEURSHIP

International Business
Provides the knowledge and skills needed to succeed in an international business environment and gain a global perspective.
MORE ABOUT INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS
Department of Marketing and Enterprise Systems

Marketing
Helps organizations understand customer perceptions of value and how to create, communicate, and deliver that value better than the competition.
MORE ABOUT MARKETING

Enterprise Systems
Equips students with the critical knowledge and practical skills to design, develop, and manage large technology systems for global organizations
MORE ABOUT ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS
Minor in Sport Management

Minor in Sport Management
Prepares business students for careers working with elite and recreational sport organizations and communities.
MORE ABOUT SPORT MANAGEMENT MINOR
Multiple Credential Degree Options

Our Multiple Credential Degree Options
Combine a BBA with another credential in one of our unique multiple credential programs
MORE ABOUT OUR MULTIPLE CREDENTIAL PROGRAMS
Open &quot;I can’t imagine having gone to any other school&quot; configuration options
 

 

Vicki Morgan
Communications and Media Officer for the Government of Nunavut
 

"I can’t imagine having gone to any other school"